Pisay Grade Calculator
by Sacaben

 I.       There is a setback that I have experienced and still am to this day. A problem I know many others (my classmates) experience because I hear their anxious complaints between each class. A problem that brings feelings of “kulba” that last from mere moments to whole quarters. A problem that hinders my analysis of scores in certain subjects, hinders my ability to improve. 
II. The problem? Not being able to see my tentative grade/s,  where to improve, and my next chance to “lift” my grade.

III. Key Objectives:
- To be able to see my tentative grade 
E.g.: “current grade: 85. Note: Needs improvement”

- To be able to check in which given subject/s in a certain quarter, I need to improve in;
- To accurately foresee my next chance of improving.
E.g.: Algebra_2
              Current grade: {}. Get more than {example percentage} in the next quiz to
              get a grade >= to 60%.

(Bonus: halfway calms anxiety regarding grades)

IV. My solution:          
         To write a program the main function of which is a grade, percentage, and average calculator. Asking for and accepting the specifics/labels of the certain assessment/s and the requirements to calculate—like score, total score, and assessment weight; it will output the results and conclusion/s with the necessary details and information to guide the student to improve in the school year.

V. Scope/parts I want to make:

-main functions (literally “def func”):
(tentative) grade calculator 
average (for  assessment, subjects, quarters, and even school years) calculator
percentage calculator

A. Planned inputs and outputs / partial pseudocode
#input existing for all choices
 output 1
“Menu: 
a. Assessment
b. Subject
c. Quarter
d. S.Y.
e. Whole high school
choice: “, x
|following out put for option 1a 
“Menu
a. Grade/rating
b. Average for assessment
c. Percent rating
choice: “, x
|following output for option 1b
“Menu:
a. Grade/rating
b. Average for whole year
c. Percent rating
choice: “, x
|following output for 1c
“Menu:
a. GWA
b.percent rating
choice: “, x
|following output for 1d
“Menu:
a. GWA/rating for the year
b. Percent rating
|following output for 1e 
“Menu: 
a. GWA/Rating
b. Percent rating

B. Plan for the project
Grade 8:
- Ask from ma’am Datch, or anyone with the right knowledge, the equation for assessments and the how to convert to Pisay standards
- make a clean logic plan for approval
- spend most—if not, all—free time on coding (and fixing up the logic plan if needed)
Grade 9:
- create an app or website as a project, based solely on the general idea
- make it table form with the scores and grades being modifiable inputs
- make the results adjust according to the inputed grades and vice-versa; 
- but  place an option to show the “permanent” inputed scores (for those values, it will ask for input for the score then an option to make it the “permanent” value)

subject: C.S.2
section: Sampaguita
contributing student/s: Sacaben
